[docs] Add regeneration section (#10)
TempleEight/temple-docs: TempleEight/docs/guide/regeneration.md

title: Regeneration
sidebar_label: Regeneration
---

> In addition to generating code from a Templefile a single time to being project development, the Temple CLI also allows for regeneration of code.

Reviewer: This first part doesn't make sense?

Author: Lol I wrote that while also trying to focus on Dav-andy

This means that if you generate a project, but then want to later add an additional service, or a property on that service, Temple will allow you 

> to regenerate code reflecting any changes to the original Templefile. 

Reviewer: should be on previous line

During this process, Temple will regenerate _all_ project files, overwriting any existing ones, with a few key exceptions:

> - The _Setup_ source file, in any existing service

Reviewer: Should `Setup` be capitalised?

- The _Datastore_ source file, in any existing service

- Any file that belongs to a service that has been deleted from the Templefile since the last generation event.

As the Setup and Datastore source files do not change based on the contents of the Service they're generated from, they can be safely omitted from the 

> regeneration process without risk of breaking changes. 

Reviewer: Should be on previous line

This also allows the user to add their own custom business logic (as per the [Business Logic](guides/business-logic) guide) in these two files, which persists
between generation events.
However it is very possible that the business logic that exists may not be correct after regeneration, reflecting changes to the properties of a service, etc.

> To invoke the regeneration process, simply run `temple generate` with an output directory that already contains _any of the files Temple is about to generate_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To invoke the regeneration process, simply run `temple generate` with an output directory that already contains an existing temple project.
```

For example, first generate the project the first time:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

~/Documents/temple-tutorial ❯❯❯ temple generate example.temple
What should the Go module name be? (expected format "github.com/username/repo")
github.com/temple/tutorial
Generated project in /path/Documents/temple-tutorial
```

> Then, make some changes to a _Setup_ source file, we'll change the `example-service/setup.go` file:

Reviewer: I'm not sure this makes sense either?

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"

	"github.com/gorilla/mux"
)

func (env *env) setup(router *mux.Router) {
	// Add user defined code here
	fmt.Printf("Hello, World!\n")
}
```

Next, we're going to regenerate the project, but we'll notice that the changes we just made will persist.

```
~/Documents/temple-tutorial ❯❯❯ temple generate example.temple
What should the Go module name be? (expected format "github.com/username/repo")
github.com/temple/tutorial
The output directory already contains some files that are going to be generated.
This process will overwrite them.
These files will not be touched to preserve business logic:
➤ example-service/dao/datastore.go
➤ example-service/setup.go
Do you want to continue? (Y/N)
y
Generated project in /Users/lewiky/Projects/TempleEight/temple-tutorial

>  ```

Reviewer: This is dense, could we add some newlines?

 If we check the file we changed earlier, we'll see that the changes we made are still present.

 ```

>  ~/Documents/temple-tutorial ❯❯❯ cat example-service/setup.go

Reviewer: You've used `cat` here, but not in the above example? Can we avoid that so we can use go syntax highlighting

title: Regeneration
sidebar_label: Regeneration
---

In addition to generating code from a Templefile a single time at the beginning of project development, the Temple CLI also allows for regeneration of code later in the cycle.
This means that if you generate a project, but then want to later add an additional service, or a property on that service, Temple will allow you to regenerate code reflecting any changes to the original Templefile. 

> During this process, Temple will regenerate _all_ project files, overwriting any existing ones, with a few key exceptions:

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we should add a comment to the top of each file about whether they’re safe to edit?

- The _setup_ source file, in any existing service

- The _datastore_ source file, in any existing service

- Any file that belongs to a service that has been deleted from the Templefile since the last generation event.

As the setup and datastore source files do not change based on the contents of the Service they're generated from, they can be safely omitted from the regeneration process without risk of breaking changes. 

This also allows the user to add their own custom business logic (as per the [Business Logic](guides/business-logic) guide) in these two files, which persists between generation events.
However it is very possible that the business logic that exists may not be correct after regeneration, reflecting changes to the properties of a service, etc.

To invoke the regeneration process, simply run `temple generate` with an output directory that already contains an existing temple project.

For example, first generate the project the first time:

```bash

> ~/Documents/temple-tutorial ❯❯❯ temple generate example.temple

Reviewer 2: can we remove the path?

> ~/Documents/temple-tutorial ❯❯❯ temple generate example.temple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
❯❯❯ temple generate example.temple
```

What should the Go module name be? (expected format "github.com/username/repo")
github.com/temple/tutorial
Generated project in /path/Documents/temple-tutorial
```

Then, make some changes to a setup or datastore source file. We'll change the `example-service/setup.go` file:

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"

	"github.com/gorilla/mux"
)

func (env *env) setup(router *mux.Router) {
	// Add user defined code here
	fmt.Printf("Hello, World!\n")
}
```

Next, we're going to regenerate the project, but we'll notice that the changes we just made will persist.

```bash

> ~/Documents/temple-tutorial ❯❯❯ temple generate example.temple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
❯❯❯ temple generate example.temple
```

What should the Go module name be? (expected format "github.com/username/repo")
github.com/temple/tutorial

The output directory already contains some files that are going to be generated.
This process will overwrite them.

These files will not be touched to preserve business logic:
➤ example-service/dao/datastore.go
➤ example-service/setup.go

Do you want to continue? (Y/N)
y

> 
> Generated project in /Users/lewiky/Projects/TempleEight/temple-tutorial

Reviewer: Probs just drop this to avoid confusion
```suggestion
```
